feat(vmauth): support JWT claim-based header and URL templating (#10930)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): improve the [Top Queries](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#top-queries) table UI. Duration columns now display human-readable values (e.g. `1.23s`) instead of raw seconds, memory column shows human-readable sizes (e.g. `1.23 MB`), instant queries are labeled as `instant` instead of empty string, and column headers now show tooltips with descriptions. See [#10790](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10790).
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): drain in-memory remote write queue on shutdown within the 5-second grace period before falling back to persisting blocks to disk. See [#9996](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9996)

> * FEATURE: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): support configuring request headers from JWT `vm_access` claim placeholders such as `{{.MetricsAccountID}}` and `{{.MetricsProjectID}}`. This simplifies JWT-based multitenant setups that use header-based tenant identification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): add `{{.MetricsAccountID}}` and `{{.MetricsProjectID}}` [JWT claim placeholders](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/#jwt-claim-based-request-templating) for use in `headers` and `url_prefix` config fields. Previously, only the combined `{{.MetricsTenant}}` (`accountID:projectID`) JWT placeholder was supported, making it impossible to configure [multitenancy via headers](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenancy-via-headers). See [#10927](https://github.comVictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10927). Thanks to @Vinayak9769 for the contribution.
```
